Okay,
guys,
Welcome back.
Now what we're gonna do is we're gonna take the base code,
put it into another module so we can just keep stealing from it.
So woman do is come up to where I'm coming up to view two projects.
Explorer,
I'm going to go to insert insert new module.
I'm going to go to view on properties window.
Track that thin little bit.
Eso Margit one.
I'm gonna call this Mod PP.
Presentation one,
they go.
So here's our base coat.
Copy all of that.
Copy on paste it into here.
Now,
what we're gonna do is move that down a little bit on.
We're gonna steal the code from Mayor on,
be able to use it in actual code.
So the first thing that we want to do now we've we've copied all the code over.
Just closed the say conceit a little better.
Okay,
the first thing we're gonna do is ram out these particular lines of code.
So I'm reminiscent beginning bit on.
I am running out the end part as we're going to create this in separate subroutines.
Woman do is declare all three of these right at the top.
So they're going to be module level valuables.
So here to say,
declare module level variables.
So that way we'll be able to use these modules in all of our difference of routines.
And then the first thing I want to do is create a subroutine that creates the new Power
Point presentation.
So I'm just going to take that code and I would create a new private surveillance call.
It groups privates can't type private sub on What should we call it?
Let's call it create PP presentation,
great PP president create PP press held it and I'm just gonna paste that code in there.
So this particular with the code is going to create the instance of pale points that the
next thing I want to do is destroy the variables that will be the end of the coast.
I'm gonna have another private sub private sub destroy very ah,
balls on what I need to do for that one has come down to the bottom and steal this code.
So copy backups it up to here on drips paste that in.
So there we go and I can unring that.
So then we have two bits of code the one that creates the instance of power point on the
one that destroys the valuables in reverse order at the end.
So the next thing we need to do is add a run older.
So what we can say is private sub.
So the wrong border seeking Call this whenever you want.
And in here,
the first thing we're gonna do is create the people the create the Power Point presentation
.
That's gonna be the first thing we call.
And the last thing we're going to call is the bit where we destroy the variables case.
And then we have create the Power point presentation on Destroy the variables.
Okay,
so far,
so good.
Now,
in the next lecture,
we're gonna have a look at one more thing that we're going to need to do before we add our
first slide.
So I'll see you in the next lecture